Hello
165 thousand people at the end of 2008
almost 20% more than 10 years earlier
so much reggie miller has grown up like never before in the past either
in the years of the economic boom
older people increasingly increase the total ratio of citizens
in the next 17 years
people over 75 who live in our city will increase
by over 30%
over eighty over 50%
in families there will always be children because they will always be more
composed of a single person
often elderly
in the 90s only 18% of the population lived in the streets of the town
today in the hamlets
the 40% of the total residents of the municipality to read them
there are fractions with roncocese gays where the population has increased the most
of the double
others by more than half
in the last 8 years, 1,500 homes a year have been built
for a total of 12 thousand new applications
in our city there are 65 modern cars running every 100 lives
that is more than 100,000
people move to different needs first of all work
in our city the earth's employment rate
also the female one
the municipal structural plan
responds to the need to manage these profound changes
to define which model of city we want for children and our children
in which city we want to live
live the monks work meet us
the direction we have in mind this way
It is a city that we are looking back on
keeps track of our collective memory
without abandoning development prospects
it is a beautiful city to be seen to live in where qualifying places serve for
have a quality life
where to move fast and easy but also sustainable and relaxing
is a city that publishes and - private
gathering of meetings
favors relationships
knowledge
new citizens
the balance between the individual and the community
it gives states to all its citizens
it is a city that grows but does not get lost preserving the territory to deliver it
as possible to integrate with future generations
is a city that promotes development
innovation and knowledge granting new opportunities to citizens and businesses
companies
the city of the municipal structural plan is a city that is prizes with a
landscape and at the same time closes with a room
in our city
the city of people